[DOCS] Created a page containing our glossary of terms and definitions. (#4056)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/glossary.md

---
**Batch:** A selection of records from a Data Asset.

**Batch Request:** Provided to a Datasource in order to create a Batch.

**CLI:** Command Line Interface

**Catalog Asset:** A collection of records within a Datasource which is usually named based on the underlying data system and sliced in different ways to correspond to multiple desired specifications.

**Checkpoint:** The primary means for validating data in a production deployment of Great Expectations.

**Custom Expectation:** An extension of the `Expectation` class, developed outside of the Great Expectations library.

**Data Asset:** A collection of records within a Datasource which is usually named based on the underlying data system and sliced to correspond to a desired specification.

**Data Connector:** Provides the configuration details based on the source data system which are needed by a Datasource to define Data Assets.

**Data Context:** The primary entry point for a Great Expectations deployment, with configurations and methods for all supporting components.

**Data Docs:** Human readable documentation generated from Great Expectations metadata detailing Expectations, Validation Results, etc.

> **Datasource:** Provides a standard API for accessing and interacting with data from a wide variety of source systems.

Reviewer: the "standard API" thing doesn't really make sense to our user. I'd say "Used to access and interact with data"; it might be worth mentioning that it connects a Connector to an Execution Engine

Author: In this case, the fact that the Datasource API remains the same regardless of the source data system it interacts with is one of the core promises that we want to emphasize -- that's what the "standard API" is supposed to indicate: that you don't have to change how you interact with your Datasource if you, for example, switch between one working with a filesystem to one working with a database.

**Execution Engine:** A system capable of processing data to compute Metrics.

**Expectation:** A verifiable assertion about data.

**Expectation Store:** A connector to store and retrieve information about collections of verifiable assertions about data.

**Expectation Suite:** A collection of verifiable assertions about data.

**Metric:** A computed attribute of data such as the mean of a column.

**Metric Store:** A connector to store and retrieve information about computed attributes of data, such as the mean of a column.

**Profiler:** Generates Metrics and candidate Expectations from data.

**Renderer:** A method for converting Expectations, Validation Results, etc. into Data Docs or other output such as email notifications or slack messages.

**Store:** A connector to store and retrieve information about metadata in Great Expectations.

**Supporting Resource:** A resource external to the Great Expectations code base which Great Expectations utilizes.

**Validation:** The act of applying an Expectation Suite to a Batch.

> **Validation Action:** A Python class with a run method that takes the result of validating a Batch against an Expectation Suite and does something with it

Reviewer: Action taken as the result of ..

I think an example would be useful here, like "For example, posting a message to Slack when a validation fails"

Author: In this case I think we want to keep the reference to a Python class conforming to a specific API, since a lot of our documentation talks about building custom Validation Actions and that information is necessary in order to do so.

> **Validation Operator:** An internal object that can trigger Validation Actions after Validation completes.

Reviewer: "Triggers...."

> **Validation Operator:** An internal object that can trigger Validation Actions after Validation completes.

Author: ```suggestion
**Validation Operator:** Triggers Validation Actions after Validation completes.
```

> **Validation Result:** An object generated when data is Validated against an Expectation Suite.

Reviewer: I don't think it is worth describing things as "objects", an object is a Python programming thing and the glossary should be purely semantic. This could be restated from "Generated ..."

> **Validation Result:** An object generated when data is Validated against an Expectation Suite.

Author: ```suggestion
**Validation Result:** Generated when data is Validated against an Expectation Suite.
```

**Validation Result Store:** A connector to store and retrieve information about objects generated when data is Validated against an Expectation Suite.

> **Validator:** The object responsible for running an Expectation Suite against data.

Reviewer: Could be restated as "Used to run an ..."

> **Validator:** The object responsible for running an Expectation Suite against data.

Author: ```suggestion
**Validator:** Used to run an Expectation Suite against data.
```
